fish drop is considered to be the most
a formidable creature in the world
she dwells deep waters near
australia and tasmania and meets
extremely rarely considered to be on the brink
disappearance appearance dobby weird
extremely interesting fish
bizarrely front of a lot of fish
there is a process that resembles
big nose small eyes
planted around but with in such a way that
external similarity with
human face
his mouth is big enough
pointing down from what muzzle
fish drops always seem to be sad
and the cute expression is due to
its expressive face fish drop
firmly holds first place in the ranking
the strangest sea creatures
adult fish up to 30 centimeters
it holds at depths of 800 to
one and a half thousand meters
the body of the fish is watery
substance with a density less than
water this allows fish droplets to fly on
one without wasting energy
his lack of muscle does not interfere with the hunt
on small crustaceans invertebrates
looking for food fish soar above the ocean floor
45 mouth
which is stuffed feed either she
lying motionless on chest and hopefully
rare invertebrates themselves fill no
in your mouth wanna know more about our
interesting world
then subscribe to this channel as well
see our other videos about the most
beautiful places on earth and also about the most
fast creatures on our planet